(After the midnight, Kim Lip is going to film her solo scene!)
Kim Lip: Hi~
Kim Lip: I'm about to shoot my solo scene for the MV!
Kim Lip: I'm trying to overcome tiredness.
Kim Lip: I will do my best!
(It's O.E.C version Mullae-dong which is specially only set up for Kim Lip!)
Kim Lip: Wow, it's 'LOONATIC' sign!
Kim Lip: And there's an 'Eclipse' sign, too!
Kim Lip: So pretty, I'm serious!
Kim Lip: We've visted here when we're doing a photo shoot~
KIm Lip: But it's totally different!
(Yeah, It's so beautiul even you can't take your eyes off!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
Choerry: The first scene is really cool!
Choerry: I think she's doing very well!
Choerry: You know~ Lip can do any type of concept!
(Here comes O.E.C's concept master, Kim Lip!)
Kim Lip: It's already 4:20 am~
JinSoul: But We have to film some remained scenes at a studio tomorrow!
(Actually now is that tomorrow...)
JinSoul: Ah, it's not tomorrow!
Kim Lip: Yeah, it's already today.
Kim Lip: That left scenes are mainly group dance scenes!
Kim Lip: See you soon~
JinSoul: Some hours later~
All : See you~